>> Speaker 1: So
now we've seen the event come through.
Let's assign this to,
>> Speaker 1: A local property.
Now,
>> Speaker 1: That we've assigned this,
how do we know which one we've selected?
Well, we could just dump
it into the template.
So we'll go back here, and let's do this.
>> Speaker 1: Handy pretag,
we'll go selectedProject,
and we'll set this to json.
>> Speaker 1: Look at this.
>> Speaker 1: So as we select we're going
through, so this is just to kind of set
the stage, not super useful, but
eventually we'll drop a form in here, and
then actually use this information
to populate form so you can update.
Let's go a little bit further,
and let's do something fun here.
So we know the project, it's selected,
let's go, selectedProject.
Not selectProject, let's go
selectedProject, and let's go, title.
Let's save this.
Let's see what happens.
I would imagine if I go down here,
there's an error.
Like, can I read property of undefined?
And so
you will run into occasions where you
bind into something that
just doesn't exist yet.
And what do you do?
Pray tell.
>> Speaker 1: You can do a couple things.
So, you can add in the safe
navigation operator.
So, what it would do,
it will say does, it exist?
>> Speaker 2: Is that typescript or
is that angular-
>> Speaker 1: That's angular.
>> Speaker 2: That's angular, okay.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.